How dare you cuckold me
What a beautiful cuckold
It suits you
Oh yes, I will also send you a song called Green Light.
You got it wrong.
Miss Xia and I are just ordinary friends
Today is our second meeting
What qualifications does a mere doctor have to talk to me?
Shut your mouth
Don't know what's good
Yang Chen
Xia Meng's new man is far inferior to you
It's his loss to leave you
This is the equity transfer agreement and the divorce agreement
Sign it.
Equity transfer
I never said I wanted to transfer my equity
It's not up to you to transfer or not
I took the reaction order from Pangu Group.
As a condition
The board of directors will fund the acquisition of your shares
Acquisition completed
The Xia Group has nothing to do with you
Don't be delusional.
200 million yuan wants to acquire the shares in Miss Xia's hands
According to the current situation of Xia Xue Group
The shares in Miss Xia's hands are worth at least 500 million
200 million 200 million
I signed these two contracts
Just find some guns
Li Yangchen from today
I have nothing to do with you at the end of summer